Manage win10 deply methods

what is managing modern desktop ?
it is a modern desktop administration which deploy, configures, secures, manages, and monitors devices and client application in an enterprise environment.


what are the deployments method can be used to deploy win10 ?
modern[autopilot, in-placed upgrade], dynamic[subcription activation, Azure Active Directory/MDM, Provisioning package], traditional[bare metal, refersh, replace] deployment method.

what is windows provisioning package ?
container of collection of configuration.

widnows assessment and deployment kit (WADK)
	: is a collection of tools to simplify the deployment, migration, and upgrade of win systems.
	: WADK inclused System Image Manager (SIM), Windows configuration designer, user state migration toolkit, volume activation management tool, windows performance toolkit, windows assessment toolkit, microsoft user experience virtualizaiton, applicaiton virtualizaiton.
	: 

what System Image Manager tool used ?
it uses XML based answer files to answer common system prompts like computer name, organization name, and other things to automate the installation of win10.



possible caused 
1 This settings has not been modifired it will not be saved to the answer file in amd64_microsoft-windows-shell-setup-netural/visual effects 
amd64_microsoft-windows-shell-setup-netural/windows_features

possible solution : ignore that mesg and save it. make sure when open hyperledger VM ware so you give 2-4 minutes times load everything even if it looks nothing happended still wait for it else ready for circumstances lol

Exercise 2 
Create a windows PE ISO Image

windows pre-installation environment (WinPE) 
	: it is light weight operating system used for deployment, installation, and repair of windows 10 server OS.
	: we can setup a hard drive before installing windows. install windows by using apps or scripts from a network or a local drive.

Tasks
	: prepare the hard drive before installing windows.
	: install windows from network or local drive
	: capture and apply windows image (.wim) to a prepared drive.
	: modify windows while in an offline state.
	: enable automatic recovery tools
	: recover data from unbootable disk volumes
	: add custom shell like windows powershell
	

Windows Assessment and Deployment Kit (ADK)
	: it includes a pre-configured ISO image useful for booting up a bare-metal computer with the essential network drivers and connect to network shares where the windows 10 install images are possibly located.
	: windows ADK and windows performance toolkit together, they provide a complete solution for evaluating overall computer performance and automating the deployment of the windows OS to new PCs.

Tools in WinADK
	: Win SIM (System Image Manager) - creating and editing unattached answer files used in automated windows installation
	: DISM (Deployment Imaging Service and Management Tools) - cmdline tool for modifying windows images by adding, removing, or updating components, drivers and updates.
	: WinPE (Preinstallation Environment) - a light weight bootable verison of windows used for deploying and troubleshooting windows installations.
	: WPT (Windows Performance Toolkit) - includes tools like windows performance recorder and analyzer for diagnosing and improving system performance.
	: ACT (Application Compatibility Toolkit) - Helps identify and resolve compatibility issues with applications during windows upgrades.
	: VAMT (Volume Activation Management Tool) - Used for managing windwos activation in enterprise deployments.
	: Windows Assessment Toolkit - Assesses hardware, drivers, and applications for compatibility with new windows versions, generatings reports for planning and testing.
	: windows configuration designer - creates provisioning packages to customize windwos settings during initial device setup, often used with windows autopilot.